YES or NO
Do you like cats?
Do you like dogs?
Do you like pizza?
Do you use Android?
Do you like ice cream?
Do you like instagram?
Are you a twin or triplet?
Are you afraid of heights?
Are you good with insects?
Do you enjoy reading comic books?
Is basketball your favorite sport?
Have you ever been on a camping trip?
Is computer programming interesting to you?
Do you have a favorite subject in school?
Have you ever won a game of chess?
Is playing board games something you like?
Do you have a favorite type of music?
Have you ever tried a new type of food and liked it?
Is riding a bike something you enjoy?
Do you like watching animated movies?
Have you ever been on a roller-skating rink?
Is social studies your favorite subject?
Do you enjoy solving riddles?
Have you ever visited a science museum?
Is soccer your favorite outdoor game?
Do you like going to the park?
Have you ever been in a school talent show?
Is art class something you look forward to?
Do you enjoy writing stories or poems?
Have you ever been to a sports game?
Is making new friends important to you?
Do you like playing video games with friends?
Have you ever performed in a school play?
Is swimming one of your favorite activities?
Do you enjoy going to the library?
Have you ever been to a theme park?
Is learning about space interesting to you?
Do you have a favorite type of movie?
Have you ever played a musical instrument?
Is building things with blocks fun for you?
Do you like attending school events?
Have you ever tried a water sport?
Is playing with pets something you enjoy?
Do you like helping with household chores?
Have you ever been to a historical landmark?
Is science fiction your favorite genre?
Do you enjoy participating in school clubs?
Have you ever tried a foreign language?
Is camping in the backyard something you've done?
Do you like solving math problems for fun?
Have you ever been to a concert or live performance?
Is making art with recycled materials something you enjoy?
Do you have a favorite season?
Have you ever been to an amusement park?
Is drama class something you find interesting?
Do you enjoy writing in a journal?
Have you ever taken a dance class?
Is astronomy something you're curious about?
Do you like playing trivia games?
Have you ever visited a planetarium?
Is playing an instrument in a band appealing to you?
Do you enjoy going to the beach?
Have you ever tried a new hobby and liked it?
Is cooking or baking something you like to do?
Do you like going to the movies with friends?
Have you ever been to a sports camp?
Is taking photographs something you enjoy?
Do you like going on nature walks?
Have you ever been on a family road trip?
Is computer gaming something you enjoy?
Do you like attending school dances?
Have you ever tried a new board game and enjoyed it?
Is making your own music playlists something you do?
Do you enjoy going to science fairs?
Have you ever participated in a debate?
Is playing a sport competitively appealing to you?
Do you enjoy watching documentaries?
Have you ever tried a new type of exercise and liked it?
Is photography something you're interested in?
Do you like going to the zoo?
Have you ever tried a new craft or DIY project?
Is geography one of your favorite subjects?
Do you enjoy going to birthday parties?
Have you ever been on a school field trip?
Is gardening something you find relaxing?
Do you like playing card games?
Have you ever attended a science camp?
Is playing a musical instrument something you excel at?
Do you enjoy going to art galleries?
Have you ever tried a new sport and enjoyed it?
Is volunteering something you're interested in?
Do you like going to theme parties?
Have you ever been to a historical reenactment?
Is astronomy your favorite branch of science?
Do you enjoy going to the circus?
Have you ever tried a new type of dance and enjoyed it?
Is playing video games a way you relax?
Do you like going to outdoor concerts?
Have you ever participated in a school science project?
Is playing a musical instrument something you aspire to learn?
Do you enjoy going to art and craft fairs?
Have you ever tried a new outdoor activity and liked it?
Is computer animation something you find fascinating?
Do you like going to family gatherings?
Have you ever been to a sports stadium?
Is writing short stories something you enjoy?
Do you like going to holiday events?
Have you ever tried a new type of workout and enjoyed it?
Is learning about different cultures interesting to you?
